Azure Kubernetes Service sample and helper methods (#442)
gruntwork-io/terratest: README.md

1.  [Terraform Packer Example](/examples/terraform-packer-example): A more complicated example that shows how to use
    Packer to build an AMI with a web server installed and deploy that AMI in AWS using Terraform.
1.  [Terraform GCP Example](/examples/terraform-gcp-example): A simple Terraform configuration that creates a GCP Compute Instance and Storage Bucket.
1.  [Terraform Azure Example](/examples/terraform-azure-example): A simple Terraform configuration that creates an Azure VM.

> 1.  [Terraform Azure AKS Example](/examples/terraform-azure-aks-example): A terraform configuration that create Azure Kubernetes Service Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  [Terraform Azure AKS Example](/examples/terraform-azure-aks-example): A terraform configuration that creates an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) Cluster.
```
